>> Zac Gordon: Here's what we're doing.
So, we're gonna make
a Like This Site plugin and
it saves likes as number
in the wp_options table.
Outside the scope of this course,
but wp_options is kind of a free for
all place to throw in small
bits of data that you need.
And wp_post_meta is another if you need
it to be associated with the post, and
you could do it that way.
You don't wanna get carried
away with options table, but
for one entry with just the number
of likes on the site, it's perfect.
So, we'll display the total
number of likes on the frontend,
and when you click on a link,
it increases the count with AJAX.
And because not everybody is big on
jQuery and because sometimes you'll need
to run some AJAX using a different
library that doesn't usually use jQuery.
Like a lot of folks who use View, prefer
Axios, then I have an example where you
could do the exact same thing we do with
jQuery just with the different library.
Because how you set stuff
up is slightly different.
So, we'll do the jQuery together, and then
on your own you could play with the Axios,
and we'll kinda break at that point.